Our application is now feature complete.
But I want to mention one last thing around interfaces.
Just a second ago, we added in a new requirement to our interface.
We said that in order to be considered to be malleable, an object had to have a marker content method
that returned a string.
When we added in that additional requirement right there, we saw errors pop up inside of our index
file, specifically where we were passing in user and company to add marker.
I want to try adding in a new property to interface map able back inside of custom map and just see
eres pop up again.
So inside of custom map, I'm going to say that anything that wants to be considered to be malleable
has to also have how about a color property that is a string like so?
Now.
As soon as I add that in, I'll see my index file light up.
If I open that once again, I will see errors around user and company.
So the discussion I want to have here is around where we see error messages.
Remember, the entire goal of TypeScript is to help us find errors in our code.
And so part of that process is making sure that TypeScript can point us in the right direction and help
us find, like the root source of an error.
So in this case, we added in a new requirement to an interface and we're seeing an error up here where
we actually try to pass in some value to this function.
Now, I'm going to suggest that maybe this is not the best place to see this error message.
Think about what we would have to do to fix this error.
At the end of the day, if we want to make this error go away.
We have to open up our definition for a user like the user class and the company class and modify those
classes and both those classes.
We would have to add in a new property of color to both them.
So because we would have to open up those class definitions.
Seeing the error here is not super useful.
It is useful to see an air.
Absolutely.
But it's not really pointing us to the exact location of where we should go to fix this problem.
So I want to tell you how we can add in a little bit more code to help TypeScript point us in the correct
direction.
Here's what we're going to do inside of custom map.
I'm going to add in an export statement for the interface that we just added.
So we now have export interface map able.
So this is going to make the interface.
We can import this into other files and refer to this as a separate type.
So now I'm going to go back over to user notes and at the top I'm going to import that interface.
So I'm going to import my tappable.
From.
Custom map.
And then inside of here, I'm going to add in right after my class definition, I'm going to say implements
map able.
So what this does right here is it tells TypeScript we want to make sure that an instance of class user
like a user that we create, satisfies all the properties required by the Tappable interface.
This sets up a very direct dependency between our user class and the custom map class, or technically
the custom map file, I suppose.
So we've now declared our intention to TypeScript.
We are saying we want every user we create to satisfy that interface because we eventually want users
to be an argument to that add marker function.
So by adding in implements map right here we are telling TypeScript help us help us make sure user is
implemented correctly.
Help us make sure that user has all the properties specified by map able.
If we now hover over user, you'll see that it says, okay, property color is missing on class user,
but it's required by that interface.
So now we have a additional error message inside of here that can help us pinpoint the source of the
error in our application.
Right now, we have something that says very specifically, Hey, your class user is not implemented
correctly.
So we're still seeing an error message just like we were seeing before inside of indexes.
But now the difference is that TypeScript is helping us point out the true source of the error.
It's helping us understand that if we want this error to go away, we have to update our user class
definition.
So as you might guess, we could fix this up by adding in a color property that is a string, and I'll
initialize it as like, you know, red or something like that right there as well.
And as soon as I add that in air goes away and the number of errors inside of indexes goes down to one.
So again, the entire idea behind this implements clause right here is we are telling TypeScript, help
us satisfy this interface.
We want to make sure that user can be considered to be malleable.
And so TypeScript is going to do some additional checking of our class and make sure we have all the
correct properties.
You do not have to do this.
This is not required at all.
The reason we would decide to add in this implements clause right here to a class is so that if we fail
to properly implement an interface, TypeScript can point us to the true source of the error, our definition
of the class, as opposed to when we try to pass a value or an instance of that class into a given function.
So if we wanted to, we could go through the same process with the company as well inside of company.
We could add in an import statement for able.
From Custom Map.
And then I'll say implements.
Malleable.
And now once again, we get an error on company and it tells us we have to have color.
That is a string, but we did not provide it.
So if we add in color, that is a string and I'll just say a red like so right there on the same line,
air goes away and we're back to being perfect.
All right.
So, again, 100% optional.
Totally up to you.
You will see some projects that use this implements clause extensively to make sure that it's really
clear to TypeScript and even other engineers that we are trying to make sure that class company satisfies
that interface.
If you don't put it in, no problem, the only thing it's going to do is help TypeScript help you and
help under other engineers understand what you are trying to do.
So a quick pause right here and we'll wrap up this application for real this time in the next video.